# continuous-laziness-talk
Slides for continuous laziness new software development approach 

## Abstract
Have you ever wonder what is the state of the art in software development? The new cool / shinny stuff that well known companies are using for their worldwide services and the dormant inner nerd you may have, is drooling wishing you can grab some of the coolness even though not always a real gain is bound to the effort, or maybe what old traditional companies are struggling to maintain running, is in fact, after all rightfully set in stone, since legacy software is probably solving more urgent and life supporting stuff that a cool face swapping app or a social network full of people lying about going to the gym. 
After a few years in the industry I can say without any slightly shadow of doubt that I have no clue, at all! However I can see value on both side, when working on different projects and companies you carry some sort of baggage and is not always possible to just drop over the table your ideas expecting to fit in an already establish environment, nevertheless opportunities may present and decide which way is the best way to move forward without wasting time, money and in some way shooting yourself in the foot with a triple barrel shotgun, is a big question that I would like to shred some light on. How can you improve you work environment or your own projects by taking advantages of what is available in this somehow chaotic but promising era? When you should trash out your profitable mistakes and embrace wildness, or  maybe, slowly shake thing up to become the smart cookie who everyone is praising for relieve part of the downsides inherit after layers of duck tape used to fix those titanic holes some people call technical debts, by introduce some cool stuff binding what you know it works and what is paying the beers, I mean bills, and more beer of course. 

## Usage 
Compile continuous-laziness-talk.tex under main directory, you can use you favorite tool the only requeriment is beamer package, I mostly compile my stuff using textWorks which is available in Linux and Windows. A PDF version is available under dist directory. 
